Mr. Su, what are you doing?
Miss Jiang?
It's okay, there was a cat outside just now.
My husband loves keeping these little feral cats the most
He said that these little feral cats are wandering around and are pitiful.
Really? Then he's kind of loving.
Mr. Su, let me introduce you to Mr. Shao of Tianhao Group
Chen Zhi, Master Chen
Mr. Su
Hello
Hello. Hello.
Mr. Chen, Mr. Su
Have you heard of me?
Didn't you let a jerk call you on the news the other day?
It's a good thing not to go out
Bad news travels a thousand miles.
I heard about that too.
What about the guy who hit you later?
What else could it be?
In the end, I lost more than 2 million
People went in too
Who knows how many years in prison?
Go away, just like the last life
In the last life, after he hit me, he bit back
Let me pay 2 million
And send me to the king
If it weren't for the serious injury
Maybe I really want to spend my life in prison
But good and evil pay off
I don't believe your malice can go on forever
What are you talking about?
So happy
Let me introduce you to Mr. Su
It's you who doesn't
Retribution is coming soon